Please check the files and presentation. i have as you can see a code partially working and will be fixing the bugs. however before we go on i want you to take the lens of an Sofware architect and senior software developer and suggest stages steps to make this a product. I never done sth like this so i need you to explain very easy step by step from bigger picture to smaller details. Like first get a domain from this site, check the name if you can use from this page... etc.. Then go into software itself what i need to do and if it goes at larger scale what do i need. I have done some programming 

ok i want you to first check the presentation module by module.
what i want to achieve here separate all the modules and make them on separate files and main html file should reference them separately. Not sure if i explained well. The goal is that i can run them without modules if one module fails or gives error it should not affect the other parts of it. think of the whole application like a puzzle. put inside, develop or remove or add on more module kind of.

First understand the logic of offer builder for example and sales stages and lead management and automation and Availablity and tasks modules and call guidence, analytics, permission and resources ( templates).

and tell me your short overview and suggestions.

Show less
19:47
Claude responded: Let me peek at a couple more areas to understand module coupling before I write up my analysis.

Mapping application architecture and modularizing component structure
Mapping application architecture and modularizing component structure
Let me peek at a couple more areas to understand module coupling before I write up my analysis.


Architected modular refactoring strategy and staged product roadmap
Architected modular refactoring strategy and staged product roadmap
I've read the deck (11 slides, problem-driven pitch with a €100K first-deployment line) and walked through the HTML (6,545 lines, single file). Here's the architect lens.

What you actually have today
A working single-page app with eleven sidebar destinations: Offer Builder, Availability, Call Guidance, Leads, Tasks, Workflow Architect, Resources, Analytics, Automation, Permissions, plus a splash + login gate. Underneath, four hidden engines do the real work: the Decision Engine (recommends tier from signals), the Template Editor, the Price List Manager, and the Business Info Modal. State lives in five global objects (CFG, TMPL, S, B, APP) and persists to seven localStorage keys.

What each module is doing, in one line each:

Offer Builder is the heart. Pick stage → pick template or signal → fill variables → render email → copy. The Custom Builder is the "no template fits" path that uses the Decision Engine.
Availability is a calendar UI for slot picking, feeds the slot-confirmation stage.
Call Guidance is a structured talk track, reads stage from the same engine.
Leads is the CRM list, plus the global search in the header.
Tasks surfaces overdue follow-ups, derived from leads + last-action timestamps.
Workflow Architect lets the user reshape stage flow.
Resources is the template library entry point, opens into the Template Editor.
Analytics is a dashboard read-only over leads/tasks.
Automation is rules (e.g., "lead in offer stage > 3 days → create task").
Permissions gates features by role.
The Decision Engine, Pricing, Templates, Business Info are reused by Offer Builder + Resources.
The architectural problem to solve before anything else
You have ~370 direct references to four global state objects. Modules read and write each other's data freely. Today that means: a bug in Tasks can corrupt Leads, an error in Analytics can crash the whole page, and you cannot delete a module without hunting references. That is the opposite of the "puzzle" you described. Before splitting files, the first step is to draw a contract for what each module is allowed to touch. The file split is the easy part once that contract exists.

Also: APP_CREDS = {email, pw} is hardcoded in plaintext at line 4740 and shipped to GitHub Pages. Change that password today, and treat it as already public. Client-side login is theatre, never security.

From "GitHub Pages demo" to "product", in layers
I'll go widest first, narrowest last, as you asked.

Layer 1, naming and rights (1–2 evenings). "SalesCockpit" is generic and likely conflicts. Check three things in order: domain (try Porkbun or INWX for .de), trademark search at DPMA.de for Germany and EUIPO for EU class 9 + 42 (software + SaaS), and a plain Google + LinkedIn search. Prefer a coined name (made-up word) over a descriptive one, because descriptive names cannot be trademarked and competitors will use them too. If "SalesCockpit" is clear, register the .com, .de and .eu variants together; they are cheap and stop squatters.

Layer 2, legal shell (Germany-specific). As long as it is a portfolio piece, no entity needed. The moment a paying customer signs, you need at minimum a UG (haftungsbeschränkt), startable from 1€, because you will be processing their commercial data. GmbH later, when revenue justifies the 25k€ capital. You will need an Impressum, a DSGVO-compliant Privacy Policy, Terms of Service, and an AVV (data processing agreement) template before the first paid signup. None of this is optional in Germany.

Layer 3, hosting and email (1 day). Domain at Porkbun or INWX. DNS at Cloudflare (free, fast, gives you SSL). Email at Google Workspace or Fastmail on the custom domain. For now keep static hosting on Netlify or Vercel free tier. When you add a backend, Hetzner Cloud is the EU-friendly default for German customers (data stays in Germany, ~5€/month for a small VPS).

Layer 4, code modularization (the puzzle, see next section). This is where most of your engineering time goes for the next month.

Layer 5, backend (when you have a second user). localStorage is fine for one person on one laptop. The first paying customer means you need: a database, real auth, and an API. Two realistic paths:

Fast path: Supabase. Hosted Postgres, built-in auth (magic link, OAuth), row-level security for multi-tenancy, file storage. You write almost no backend code. EU region available. ~25€/month at start.
Owned path: Hetzner VPS + Postgres + a small Node/Fastify or Go API. Cheaper at scale, more work to build and maintain. Choose this only if you want backend skill on your CV.
Layer 6, multi-tenancy. One column called tenant_id on every table, every query filtered by it. With Supabase, row-level security enforces this automatically. Each venue is a tenant; users belong to a tenant.

Layer 7, payments. Stripe is the default, but for EU SaaS look at Lemon Squeezy or Paddle: they act as merchant of record and handle VAT collection across all 27 EU states for you. Worth the extra ~5% fee until you can afford a tax accountant.

Layer 8, compliance and trust. Audit log on every state-changing action. Data export and "delete my account" endpoints (DSGVO requirement). Daily Postgres backups (Supabase does this; on a VPS, use pg_dump to S3). Error tracking with Sentry (free tier).

Layer 9, scaling. At 1–50 venues, a single small Postgres handles everything. At 50–500, you add a managed DB plan, a CDN for assets, and a job queue for emails (BullMQ on Redis, or Supabase Edge Functions). At 500+, you think about read replicas, multi-region, observability (Grafana + Loki). You will not need any of this for a long time.

How to split the modules into files (the puzzle pattern)
Target tree. This is not React or a framework. It is plain ES modules, which any modern browser loads natively with <script type="module">.

salescockpit/
├── index.html              ← shell only: sidebar, header, splash, login, empty <main>
├── core/
│   ├── state.js            ← single APP store + pub/sub (replaces CFG, S, B, APP globals)
│   ├── storage.js          ← all localStorage keys + load/save
│   ├── i18n.js             ← lang switch, t(key)
│   ├── router.js           ← navTo, view registry
│   └── loader.js           ← tries to load each module, isolates failures
├── modules/
│   ├── builder/            ← each module owns its HTML, CSS, JS
│   │   ├── builder.js
│   │   ├── builder.css
│   │   └── builder.html    (template fragment)
│   ├── availability/
│   ├── callguidance/
│   ├── leads/
│   ├── tasks/
│   ├── workflow/
│   ├── resources/
│   ├── analytics/
│   ├── automation/
│   └── permissions/
├── engine/
│   ├── decision.js         ← commercial decision engine
│   ├── pricing.js
│   └── templates.js
└── data/
    ├── templates.json      ← TMPL_DEFAULT moves here (no longer in code)
    ├── pricelist.json
    └── config.json
The contract every module follows. Each module file exports exactly three functions:

js
// modules/leads/leads.js
export function mount(rootEl, ctx) { /* render into rootEl, attach listeners */ }
export function unmount() { /* remove listeners, cancel timers */ }
export const meta = { id: 'leads', label: { de: 'Leads', en: 'Leads' } };
ctx is the only thing the module gets from the outside. It contains state (read), dispatch (write), t (translate), bus (subscribe to events). No global access. If a module wants leads data, it calls ctx.state.leads. If it changes a lead, it calls ctx.dispatch('leads.update', {...}). This is the contract, and it's what makes the puzzle work.

The failure-isolation trick. Your loader.js looks roughly like this:

js
async function loadModule(name, rootEl, ctx) {
  try {
    const m = await import(`../modules/${name}/${name}.js`);
    m.mount(rootEl, ctx);
    return m;
  } catch (err) {
    console.error(`Module ${name} failed:`, err);
    rootEl.innerHTML = `
      <div class="module-error">
        <h3>${ctx.t('module_failed')}: ${name}</h3>
        <p>${err.message}</p>
        <button onclick="location.reload()">Reload</button>
      </div>`;
    ctx.bus.emit('module.failed', { name, err });
    return null;
  }
}
Result: a typo in analytics.js shows a red "Analytics failed" card in that one panel, and Builder, Leads, and Tasks keep working. That is the "one piece breaks, the rest still runs" behavior you described.

What I would do this week, in order
Rotate the password and remove APP_CREDS from the code. It is in the GitHub Pages history; assume it leaked.
Pick the name and lock the domain. A name change later is painful; do it before the LinkedIn post gets traction.
Extract TMPL_DEFAULT and the CFG block to data/templates.json and data/config.json. Just that one move, keeping everything else in the single file, will cut the HTML by roughly half and prove the data-out-of-code pattern works.
Build the loader skeleton with one real module (Leads is a good first pick because it has clear data boundaries). Once Leads loads as modules/leads/leads.js through loader.js, the path for the other ten is identical.
Tell me which of these you want to start with, and I'll write the actual code for that step. My recommendation is step 3 first: it's the biggest win for the smallest risk, and it sets up step 4 cleanly.

You said: i want it to have a backend and actual product so please suggest accordingly.
i want it to have a backend and actual product so please suggest accordingly.

19:58
Claude responded: Before I commit you to specific paid services, let me verify their current state and pricing.

Architected opinionated SaaS stack with phased implementation plan
Architected opinionated SaaS stack with phased implementation plan
Before I commit you to specific paid services, let me verify their current state and pricing. A few of these were in flux as of my last update.


Restructured tech stack and phased roadmap for production-ready product
Restructured tech stack and phased roadmap for production-ready product
Right, product mode changes a few things from my previous reply. Most importantly, the payments pick has to update because Lemon Squeezy is being folded into Stripe. Here's the revised opinionated stack and the phased plan.

The stack, picked for you
Database, auth, storage, realtime: Supabase. Managed Postgres with row-level security (the multi-tenancy mechanism), built-in auth with magic links and OAuth, file storage, realtime subscriptions, and Edge Functions for server logic. Pro plan is $25/month base plus usage-based overages, and real-world costs for a SaaS at small scale typically stay close to the $25 base when storage, MAUs, and bandwidth fall within included limits. Pick the Frankfurt region at project creation for German data residency. You cannot change the region later. 
DesignRevision
DesignRevision

Frontend hosting: Vercel. Free for what you need, EU edges, deploys from GitHub on push. Static HTML today, switches cleanly to Next.js when you migrate.

Payments: Paddle. Originally I would have said Lemon Squeezy, but Lemon Squeezy is being folded into Stripe’s ecosystem as Stripe Managed Payments, which entered public preview in February 2026, and existing customers are being migrated. Paddle is still independent, still a Merchant of Record, and charges 5% + $0.50 per transaction with no monthly fees on the standard plan. Critically for you, Paddle is registered in over 100 jurisdictions and calculates, charges, and remits VAT, GST, and state sales tax on your behalf, with all the tax-related risk resting with Paddle. That alone saves you a German tax accountant's monthly retainer until ~50k€ ARR. The alternative is Stripe Managed Payments, same fee structure, but you would be onboarding into a platform that's still stabilizing post-acquisition. Paddle is the safer choice for the next twelve months. 
Fungies + 2

Transactional email: Resend. Clean API, free tier covers password-less login + lead notifications easily. Use it the moment you replace APP_CREDS.

Domain: Porkbun. DNS: Cloudflare. Cloudflare gives you SSL, CDN, and basic DDoS protection for free.

Error tracking: Sentry, free tier.

Web analytics: Plausible. EU-hosted, DSGVO-compliant, no cookie banner needed, ~9€/month.

Total monthly cost at launch: ~40€. At 50 paying customers: ~80–120€ depending on usage. That is the budget shape.

Phase 0, this week: the foundation, no code yet
Name + trademark check (DPMA + EUIPO classes 9 and 42) + domain lock at Porkbun (.com, .de, .eu).
Create the Supabase project in EU Frankfurt. Do this before anything else, because the region is locked at creation.
Private GitHub repo salescockpit.
Resend, Paddle, Vercel accounts on a custom domain email like you@salescockpit.com. Paddle requires a real bank account and corporate documents to start payouts, so do this early — verification can take a week.
Draft Impressum + DSGVO Privacy Policy + Terms of Service. Templates from iubenda or eRecht24 are fine for v1. The UG (haftungsbeschränkt) does not need to exist before first paying customer, but the Impressum cannot be missing on launch day in Germany.
Phase 1, weeks 2–4: schema, auth, the unlock
Everything else is built on this schema. Here is the version I would actually run.

sql
-- Tenants: one row per venue/customer. Foundation of multi-tenancy.
create table tenants (
  id uuid primary key default gen_random_uuid(),
  name text not null,
  plan text not null default 'trial',     -- trial|starter|pro|enterprise
  paddle_customer_id text,
  created_at timestamptz default now(),
  settings jsonb default '{}'::jsonb
);

-- Users: belongs to one tenant. Linked to Supabase auth.
create table users (
  id uuid primary key references auth.users(id) on delete cascade,
  tenant_id uuid references tenants(id) not null,
  email text not null,
  role text not null default 'agent',      -- owner|admin|agent|viewer
  created_at timestamptz default now()
);

-- Leads: the core CRM object.
create table leads (
  id uuid primary key default gen_random_uuid(),
  tenant_id uuid references tenants(id) not null,
  name text not null,
  email text,
  phone text,
  group_size int,
  channel text,
  stage text not null,                     -- discovery|offer|slot|booked|lost|other
  status text default 'open',
  owner_user_id uuid references users(id),
  custom jsonb default '{}'::jsonb,
  last_action_at timestamptz default now(),
  created_at timestamptz default now(),
  updated_at timestamptz default now()
);
create index leads_tenant_stage_idx on leads(tenant_id, stage);

-- Tasks: derived or manual; cleared on completion.
create table tasks (
  id uuid primary key default gen_random_uuid(),
  tenant_id uuid references tenants(id) not null,
  lead_id uuid references leads(id) on delete cascade,
  type text not null,
  due_at timestamptz,
  completed_at timestamptz,
  created_at timestamptz default now()
);

-- Templates: per-tenant, defaults seeded on signup.
create table templates (
  id uuid primary key default gen_random_uuid(),
  tenant_id uuid references tenants(id) not null,
  type text not null,                      -- b2b|b2c
  lang text not null,                      -- de|en
  stage text not null,
  signal_key text,
  label text not null,
  ms text,
  mirrors jsonb default '[]'::jsonb,
  body jsonb default '{}'::jsonb,
  updated_at timestamptz default now()
);

-- Pricing: tenant-specific price plan structure.
create table price_plans (
  id uuid primary key default gen_random_uuid(),
  tenant_id uuid references tenants(id) not null,
  type text not null,                      -- b2b|b2c
  family_name text not null,
  family_order int default 0,
  tiers jsonb not null
);

-- Audit log: every state-changing action.
create table events (
  id bigserial primary key,
  tenant_id uuid references tenants(id) not null,
  actor_user_id uuid references users(id),
  action text not null,
  target_type text,
  target_id text,
  payload jsonb,
  created_at timestamptz default now()
);
create index events_tenant_idx on events(tenant_id, created_at desc);
Row-level security: the one Postgres feature that makes multi-tenancy safe. Per table:

sql
alter table leads enable row level security;

create policy leads_select on leads
  for select using (
    tenant_id = (select tenant_id from users where id = auth.uid())
  );

create policy leads_modify on leads
  for all using (
    tenant_id = (select tenant_id from users where id = auth.uid())
  );
Repeat for every table that has tenant_id. Now even if a frontend bug constructs a query for someone else's tenant, Postgres refuses to return the rows. This is the security boundary, full stop.

Auth flow. Supabase Auth with magic link as the primary method. User clicks "Sign up", enters email, receives a one-time link, clicks it. On first sign-in, a trigger creates the tenants row and the users row. Add Google OAuth in week 4 once magic link works. Delete the APP_CREDS block and force-push history clean today. Treat that password as already public; rotate any account where you reused it.

Define done for Phase 1. You can sign up with a fresh email, you receive a magic link, you click it, you land on the app, a tenants row exists, a users row links you to it, and a curl request from your browser session reads leads (empty result) but rejects a request scoped to a different tenant's id. When that loop works, you have a real backend.

Phase 2, weeks 5–8: migrate the existing HTML, module by module
This is where the modular file split from my previous reply pays off. Each module migration does two things at once:

Extracts the module from the monolith into modules/{name}/{name}.js.
Replaces localStorage calls with Supabase queries.
Order, easiest to hardest:

Templates first. Mostly read, change rarely. You learn the Supabase client in a low-risk module. Replace loadData() with supabase.from('templates').select(...), replace saveTmpl() with upsert(...). Validate round-trip. Delete the localStorage key for templates.

Leads next. This is where multi-user becomes real. Open the app in two browsers signed into the same tenant; create a lead in one; watch it appear in the other via Supabase realtime (three lines of code). That moment is when SalesCockpit stops being a single-laptop tool and becomes a product.

Tasks, business info, pricing, automations, permissions follow the same template you've now built.

Keep localStorage as fallback for one month. Wrap each Supabase call in a try/catch; if Supabase fails, fall through to localStorage and show a "working offline" toast. Once you trust the backend, delete the fallback.

Phase 3, weeks 9–12: signup, billing, launch
Marketing landing page in Next.js on the apex domain. Pricing table, three plans (Starter 49€/mo, Pro 99€/mo, Multi-Venue custom), "Start free trial" button, FAQ.
Onboarding wizard after first magic link: venue name, default language, business info, paste in your existing templates or accept the seeded defaults.
Paddle integration. Paddle Checkout overlay for upgrades. Paddle webhook → Edge Function → updates tenants.plan and stores paddle_customer_id. Test the full flow with Paddle's sandbox before going live.
14-day trial, no card required. Card collection at trial end. Standard SaaS pattern.
Status page (UptimeRobot free) + support inbox. Plain.com or just a forwarding address for the first ten customers.
Phase 4, month 4 onward: when to leave the simple stack
You stay on Supabase-direct-from-frontend until one of these forces a change:

Complex multi-step transactions touching external APIs (Slack notifications, Google Calendar push). Move that logic into Edge Functions, keep the frontend thin.
Scheduled jobs (daily reports, overdue task escalation). Use Supabase pg_cron extension, no separate server needed.
Customer requires Germany-only data residency stricter than Supabase's AWS Frankfurt. Then you move to Hetzner + self-hosted Postgres + PostgREST or Hasura. Not before.
You hit ~10,000 paying users. You will not hit this in 2026.
What to do this week, in order
Today: kill APP_CREDS. Force-push the repo, rotate any reused password.
Today/tomorrow: name + domain lock + DPMA/EUIPO check.
This week: create the Supabase project in Frankfurt + Vercel + Paddle (Paddle verification takes the longest, start it first) + Resend + private GitHub repo.
Next week: run the schema above + RLS policies + a working magic-link signup that creates a tenant.
Once step 4 produces a real curl-tested round-trip, send me the schema you actually deployed. We'll do the Templates module migration together: I'll write the Supabase queries that replace loadData()/saveTmpl(), and you'll have the first multi-user, multi-tenant slice of SalesCockpit running by end of that session. From there, the other ten modules are repetition of the same pattern.

You said: ok so i want you to give me first a bigger picture steps to do list then a prompt to take this html code and replace with the modular one that i described you.
ok so i want you to give me first a bigger picture steps to do list then a prompt to take this html code and replace with the modular one that i described you. provide me that perfect prompt please. So i can then have the code and stages and prompts for later stages. My first client will be Varpoint Berlin, then second branch Borsigtrum and other Venues in Berlin firstly so the pricing should be at the higher end consider the number of the clients and job the product is going to do and the problems that is solving.

20:08
Claude responded: Three deliverables below: pricing first because it shapes the rest, then the master plan, then the prompt.

Architected pricing tiers, phased roadmap, and comprehensive refactor prompt
Architected pricing tiers, phased roadmap, and comprehensive refactor prompt
Three deliverables below: pricing first because it shapes the rest, then the master plan, then the prompt.

Pricing, set at the value-capture line
Your deck claims €100K annual commercial impact per venue. Standard vertical-SaaS rule is to capture 3–10% of value created. That puts your defensible price band at €250–€833 per venue per month. Pricing low here is a mistake: it signals "tool", not "operating system", and it attracts customers who churn. Price it at the upper-mid of the band.

Tier	Price	Limits	Modules
Starter	€199 / venue / month	1 venue, 2 users	Offer Builder, Templates, Leads, Tasks, basic Analytics
Pro	€399 / venue / month	1 venue, 5 users	Adds Call Guidance, Availability, Automation, Workflow Architect, full Analytics, Permissions, DE/EN
Multi-Venue	€699 / month for 2 venues, +€249 per additional venue	Unlimited users	Adds cross-venue analytics, central template library, role hierarchy
Enterprise	From €1,499 / month, custom	Multiple venues + integrations	Custom decision-engine tuning, booking-system + accounting integrations, SSO, audit log export, dedicated onboarding, SLA
One-time onboarding fee: €1,499 for Starter/Pro, €2,499 for Multi-Venue. Covers data migration, template setup, pricing config, two training sessions. Filters tire-kickers and pays for your time. Waived for annual contracts as the close-the-deal lever.

Annual discount: 15% (two months free). 14-day free trial on Starter and Pro, no card.

Defensibility on a sales call: Pro at €399/mo = €4,788/year. One recovered €2,500 booking per quarter pays for it with €5,212 left over. That's the line you use.

For Varpoint, run the production system at Pro pricing internally as a paying tenant from day one. It's the only honest baseline. Borsigturm becomes the trigger to upgrade Varpoint to Multi-Venue.

The master plan, twelve weeks, gates at each stage
Week 0 — Identity locked. Name + DPMA/EUIPO trademark check + domain (.com/.de/.eu) + Supabase account in EU Frankfurt + Vercel + Paddle (start verification today, takes a week) + Resend + private GitHub repo + Impressum/DSGVO/ToS templates drafted. Gate: you can email yourself from you@salescockpit.com.

Week 1 — Backend foundation. Schema + RLS deployed on Supabase. Magic-link auth working. First curl test: signup creates tenant + user, scoped query returns only own-tenant rows. Gate: a fresh email signs up, lands in app, and a different signed-in user cannot see their data.

Week 2 — Frontend refactor to modular. (This is where the prompt below runs.) Same UI, same features, twelve files instead of one. Breaking analytics.js does not break leads.js. Gate: rename one module file to break it; reload; the other ten still work.

Weeks 3–4 — Templates, Leads, Tasks on Supabase. Replace localStorage with Supabase queries module by module. Realtime subscription on leads (open in two browsers, see live sync). Gate: two browser windows of the same tenant stay in sync within 2 seconds.

Weeks 5–6 — Remaining modules on Supabase. Pricing, Business Info, Automations, Workflow, Permissions, Analytics, Call Guidance, Availability. Gate: localStorage usage is zero except for fallback wrapper.

Week 7 — Varpoint goes live as Tenant #1. Migrate real templates, real price list, real leads. Orhan's team starts using it daily. You ship bug fixes daily. Gate: 7 consecutive days of real use without operator falling back to email/sheets.

Weeks 8–9 — Public surface. Marketing landing page, pricing page, signup wizard, Paddle integration, transactional emails (welcome, magic link, trial-ending). Status page (UptimeRobot). Crisp.chat or email-based support inbox. Gate: a stranger can sign up, see the trial, hit the upgrade button, complete checkout in Paddle sandbox, land on the upgraded plan.

Week 10 — Borsigturm onboarded as Tenant #2. This proves multi-tenancy under load. Varpoint promoted to Multi-Venue plan. Gate: tenant data isolation verified in production. Two paying tenants billing through Paddle.

Weeks 11–12 — Case study + outreach. Document Varpoint's before/after numbers (revenue, lead response time, conversion rate, operator hours saved). Cold-outreach campaign to 25 Berlin venues (escape rooms, VR, axe-throwing, paintball, karting, climbing). One demo booked is the gate. Gate: first non-Varpoint demo booked.

After week 12, the work shifts from building to selling. Different muscle, but you have it.

The refactor prompt
Copy the block below verbatim. Attach SalesCockpit.html alongside. Run it in Claude Code, Cursor, Gemini 2.5 Pro, or whichever model you prefer for long-context refactors. Claude Opus 4.7 with a long-context window will handle it best in one pass; for shorter-context models, accept that it will go module-by-module and ask to continue.

ROLE
You are a senior software architect with deep experience refactoring monolithic
single-file web applications into modular ES-module architectures. You write
production-quality code, you preserve behavior exactly, and you ask before you
guess. You do not pad responses with explanations the user did not request.

INPUT
The attached file SalesCockpit.html (~6,500 lines). It contains:
  - One inline <style> block (lines ~9 to ~620)
  - HTML for splash, login, sidebar, header, eleven views, three modals,
    and toast (lines ~622 to ~1225)
  - One inline <script> block (lines ~1226 to end) containing, in order:
    constants and localStorage keys, CFG (configuration), TMPL_DEFAULT
    (template library), the engine, the custom builder, the commercial
    decision engine, the template editor, the price list manager, the
    business info modal, and the main application module (APP).

GOAL
Refactor this file into a modular ES-module architecture that:
  1. Runs by opening index.html in a modern browser. No build step. No npm.
  2. Uses native <script type="module"> and dynamic import().
  3. Isolates failures: if one module crashes on mount, the other ten
     continue to work and the failed module shows a per-module error card.
  4. Preserves every visible behavior, layout, copy, animation, and
     interaction exactly as it is today.

TARGET FILE TREE
salescockpit/
  index.html                       -- shell only
  styles/
    base.css                       -- :root vars, resets, scrollbars
    shell.css                      -- splash, login, sidebar, header, modals, toast
    builder.css
    availability.css
    callguidance.css
    leads.css
    tasks.css
    workflow.css
    resources.css
    analytics.css
    automation.css
    permissions.css
  core/
    state.js                       -- single store + pub/sub, replaces APP, S, B globals
    storage.js                     -- localStorage keys + get/set/del wrappers
    i18n.js                        -- language switching, t(key) lookup
    router.js                      -- navTo, view registry, breadcrumb update
    loader.js                      -- module loader with error isolation
    bus.js                         -- minimal event bus (on, off, emit)
    utils.js                       -- esc, parseLocalDateStr, weekday, formatters
  modules/
    builder/builder.js             -- Offer Builder + Custom Builder
    availability/availability.js
    callguidance/callguidance.js
    leads/leads.js
    tasks/tasks.js
    workflow/workflow.js
    resources/resources.js         -- includes the template editor
    analytics/analytics.js
    automation/automation.js
    permissions/permissions.js
  engine/
    decision.js                    -- commercial decision engine (getPlan, recommendation logic)
    pricing.js                     -- price list manager, pCalc, allPV
    templates.js                   -- template loading, merging, variable substitution
    business-info.js               -- business info modal
  data/
    templates.default.json         -- contents of TMPL_DEFAULT
    config.default.json            -- contents of CFG except priceList
    pricelist.default.json         -- contents of CFG.priceList
  README.md

MODULE CONTRACT
Every file in modules/ must export exactly three things:

  export const meta = {
    id: 'leads',
    label: { de: 'Leads', en: 'Leads' },
    icon: '<svg>...</svg>',          // existing sidebar SVG inlined
  };

  export function mount(rootEl, ctx) {
    // render UI into rootEl, attach listeners, subscribe to ctx.bus
  }

  export function unmount() {
    // detach DOM listeners, cancel timers, unsubscribe from bus
  }

ctx is the only thing a module receives from outside. It contains:

  ctx = {
    state:    { /* read-only snapshot of current app state */ },
    dispatch: (action, payload) => void,   // updates state + emits event
    bus:      { on(event, fn), off(event, fn), emit(event, payload) },
    t:        (key) => string,             // translates by current language
    storage:  { get(key), set(key, val), del(key) },
    router:   { navTo(viewId) },
  };

A module MUST NOT:
  - Read or write window globals (no APP, S, B, CFG references)
  - Reach into another module's DOM
  - Import from another module's file
  - Persist state directly to localStorage (use ctx.storage)
  - Mutate ctx.state (use ctx.dispatch)

LOADER ERROR ISOLATION
core/loader.js wraps every dynamic import + mount in try/catch:

  async function loadModule(name, rootEl, ctx) {
    try {
      const m = await import(`../modules/${name}/${name}.js`);
      m.mount(rootEl, ctx);
      activeModules.set(name, m);
    } catch (err) {
      console.error(`[loader] ${name} failed`, err);
      rootEl.innerHTML = errorCard(name, err);
      ctx.bus.emit('module.failed', { name, err });
    }
  }

errorCard renders: module title, the error.message, a Reload button that
re-invokes loadModule for that module only.

DATA EXTRACTION
Move out of code into JSON files in data/:
  - TMPL_DEFAULT             -> data/templates.default.json
  - CFG.biz, CFG.stages,
    CFG.prices                -> data/config.default.json
  - CFG.priceList             -> data/pricelist.default.json

These are loaded at startup by engine/templates.js and engine/pricing.js.
The user-edited overrides continue to live in localStorage under the same
keys as today.

CONSTRAINTS, DO NOT
  - Do not change any visible behavior, layout, copy, color, font,
    animation, or interaction.
  - Do not add a build step. No Webpack, Vite, esbuild, npm. The result
    must run by opening index.html.
  - Do not introduce React, Vue, Svelte, jQuery, Tailwind, or any new
    dependency.
  - Do not rename existing localStorage keys: LS_TMPL, LS_CFG, LS_PL,
    LS_BIZ, LS_LOGO, LS_LASTACT, LS_LEADS, LS_TASKS, LS_WF13, LS_PERMS13,
    LS_OBJDATA. Centralize them in core/storage.js as exported constants.
  - Do not change the auth flow or APP_CREDS in this refactor. That is
    removed in a later step.
  - Do not refactor logic inside a module. Extract into a file, route
    cross-cutting access through ctx, leave the rest as-is.
  - Do not lose any feature. All eleven sidebar destinations must work
    after the refactor: Offer Builder, Availability, Call Guidance,
    Leads, Tasks, Workflow Architect, Resources, Analytics, Automation,
    Permissions, plus the splash and login.
  - Do not add comments explaining that this is a refactor. The result
    should read as if it was always written this way.

DELIVERABLES
  1. The full file tree with line count per file.
  2. Every file's complete contents. No "... existing code ..."
     placeholders.
  3. README.md with: how to run (open index.html via a local server,
     since ES modules need http://, recommended `python3 -m http.server`
     in the project folder), the module contract, and a one-line
     description per module of what it owns.
  4. A manual test plan: for each of the eleven modules, list what to
     click and what to expect. Include one negative test: rename
     modules/analytics/analytics.js to .bak, reload, confirm the other
     ten still work and Analytics shows the error card.
  5. A list of behaviors you could not preserve cleanly, each with the
     specific source line, the reason, and a suggested follow-up.

EXECUTION RULES
  - If the file is too large to refactor in one response, work in this
    order and stop at each gate to ask before continuing:
      a. index.html + core/ + styles/base.css + styles/shell.css
      b. engine/ + data/
      c. modules in this order: leads, tasks, builder, availability,
         callguidance, resources, workflow, analytics, automation,
         permissions
  - If any source logic is ambiguous, a function is called but not
    defined, or a global is read before it is set, stop and ask. Do not
    guess.
  - Match the existing code's formatting (indentation, naming, brace
    style). Do not reformat.
  - Output complete files only.

Source file is attached.
How to use this prompt
Run it once with the HTML attached. If the model asks to continue between gates, let it. Save each emitted file to disk as it arrives. When finished, run python3 -m http.server in the project folder and open http://localhost:8000 in the browser. Click through every sidebar destination and verify they all render. Run the negative test (rename analytics.js to .bak, reload, confirm the other ten still work). If anything is broken, paste the broken file plus the error back to the same model with "preserve everything else, fix only this".

What to send me when you're done
After the refactor runs and the manual test plan passes, send me three things and we move to Phase 1 (Supabase backend):

The new core/storage.js so I can write the Supabase migration that mirrors its keys exactly.
The schema you actually deployed on Supabase (it will diverge from mine in small ways, that's fine).
The modules/leads/leads.js file. We'll do that one first together: I'll give you the Supabase queries that replace its localStorage calls, plus the realtime subscription code, and you'll have the first multi-tenant slice running by the end of that session.
You said: Daha kisa versiyonu bana turkce anlatir misin adimlari hafta hafta yapilcaklari ve claude code'da kurmam gereken sistemi bana anlat.
Daha kisa versiyonu bana turkce anlatir misin adimlari hafta hafta yapilcaklari ve claude code'da kurmam gereken sistemi bana anlat.

20:15
Claude responded: SalesCockpit, kısa versiyon, Türkçe
SalesCockpit, kısa versiyon, Türkçe
Hafta hafta plan
Hafta 0, kimlik kilidi. İsim seç, DPMA + EUIPO marka kontrolü yap, .com/.de/.eu domainlerini Porkbun'dan al. Supabase hesabı aç ama proje oluştururken EU Frankfurt bölgesini seç, sonradan değiştirilemez. Vercel, Paddle (doğrulama bir hafta sürüyor, hemen başlat), Resend, GitHub private repo. Impressum ve KVKK/DSGVO metinlerini eRecht24 şablonundan hazırla.

Hafta 1, backend temeli. Supabase'de schema kur (tenants, users, leads, tasks, templates, price_plans, events). Her tabloya RLS policy yaz. Magic link auth çalışsın. Bitti kapısı: yeni bir email ile kayıt ol, link gelsin, tıkla, uygulamaya gir, başka tenant'ın verisini göremediğini curl ile doğrula.

Hafta 2, frontend modülerleştirme. Tek dosya HTML'i parçalara ayır (sana verdiğim refactor prompt'u burada çalışıyor). Sonuç: 12 dosya, her modül bağımsız, biri çökünce diğer onu çalışmaya devam ediyor.

Hafta 3-4, Templates + Leads + Tasks Supabase'e bağlanıyor. Bu üç modülün localStorage çağrılarını Supabase sorgularıyla değiştir. Leads'e realtime subscription ekle. İki tarayıcı pencerelerinde aynı tenant'a giriş yap, birinde lead oluştur, diğerinde otomatik görünsün.

Hafta 5-6, kalan modüller backend'e. Pricing, Business Info, Automations, Workflow, Permissions, Analytics, Call Guidance, Availability. localStorage sadece offline fallback olarak kalıyor.

Hafta 7, Varpoint canlıya. Gerçek şablonlar, gerçek fiyat listesi, gerçek leadler aktarılıyor. Orhan'ın ekibi günlük kullanmaya başlıyor. Bug'lar günlük düzeltiliyor. Bitti kapısı: 7 gün üst üste operatör Excel'e veya emaile geri dönmüyor.

Hafta 8-9, ürünleştirme. salescockpit.com landing page, fiyat sayfası, signup wizard, Paddle entegrasyonu, transactional emailler (welcome, magic link, deneme bitiyor). UptimeRobot status page. Crisp.chat veya basit email destek kutusu.

Hafta 10, Borsigturm ikinci tenant olarak açılıyor. Multi-tenancy production'da kanıtlanıyor. Varpoint Multi-Venue plana yükseliyor.

Hafta 11-12, vaka çalışması + outreach. Varpoint öncesi/sonrası rakamlarını yaz (gelir, lead cevap süresi, dönüşüm oranı, operatör saati tasarrufu). 25 Berlin venue'sune soğuk çıkış (escape room, VR, axe-throwing, paintball, karting, climbing). Bitti kapısı: Varpoint dışından ilk demo görüşmesi alındı.

Fiyatlandırma, kısa hatırlatma
Plan	Fiyat	Sınır
Starter	199€ / venue / ay	1 venue, 2 kullanıcı
Pro	399€ / venue / ay	1 venue, 5 kullanıcı, tüm modüller
Multi-Venue	699€ / 2 venue, ek venue başına +249€	sınırsız kullanıcı
Enterprise	1.499€'dan başlar	özel entegrasyon, SSO, SLA
Tek seferlik onboarding ücreti: 1.499€ (Multi-Venue için 2.499€). Yıllık ödemede %15 indirim ve onboarding ücreti hediye. 14 gün ücretsiz deneme, kart istenmiyor.

Claude Code'da kurman gereken sistem
Claude Code terminalden çalışan agent. Mac'tesin diye varsayıyorum, Windows'ta da çalışıyor.

Adım 1, kurulum.

bash
# Node.js 20+ kurulu olmalı, yoksa nodejs.org'dan al
npm install -g @anthropic-ai/claude-code
Yoksa Anthropic dokümantasyonuna bak: https://docs.claude.com/en/docs/claude-code

Adım 2, proje klasörü hazırla.

bash
mkdir ~/salescockpit
cd ~/salescockpit
git init
# Mevcut SalesCockpit.html dosyanı bu klasöre kopyala
cp /path/to/SalesCockpit.html .
Adım 3, Claude Code'u başlat.

bash
claude
İlk açılışta Anthropic hesabınla login olacak (Pro veya Max abonelik gerekiyor, ya da API key).

Adım 4, CLAUDE.md dosyası oluştur. Bu dosya Claude Code'un proje boyunca hatırlayacağı kurallar listesi. Aynı klasörde CLAUDE.md adında bir dosya aç ve şunu yaz:

markdown
# SalesCockpit Proje Kuralları

## Mimari
- ES modules, build step yok, npm yok
- index.html tarayıcıda direkt açılarak çalışmalı (python3 -m http.server üzerinden)
- Modül kontratı: meta, mount(rootEl, ctx), unmount() export edilir
- ctx dışında hiçbir global'a erişim yok
- localStorage anahtarları core/storage.js'de sabit olarak tanımlı, asla değiştirilmez

## Yapma
- Hiçbir görsel davranışı değiştirme (renk, font, animasyon, copy)
- React, Vue, jQuery, Tailwind veya yeni bağımlılık ekleme
- Em dash kullanma, virgül veya iki nokta kullan
- Açıklama yorumu yazma, kod kendi başına okunabilir olsun
- Tahminde bulunma, belirsizlik varsa dur ve sor

## Yap
- Mevcut kodun stilini koru (girinti, isimlendirme, brace stili)
- Tam dosya yaz, kısaltma yapma ("// existing code" gibi)
- Bir modül çökerse diğerlerini etkilemesin (loader try/catch)
- Her değişiklikten sonra git commit yap
Adım 5, refactor prompt'unu çalıştır. Sana verdiğim uzun refactor prompt'unu kopyala. Claude Code'da şu komutu yaz:

Dosyayı oku: SalesCockpit.html

[Yapıştır: refactor prompt'unun tamamı]
Claude Code dosyayı okuyacak, ağaç yapısını oluşturacak, dosya dosya yazacak. Uzun olduğu için "devam edeyim mi" diye soracak, evet de.

Adım 6, sonucu test et.

bash
cd ~/salescockpit
python3 -m http.server 8000
Tarayıcıda http://localhost:8000 aç. 11 modülün hepsine sırayla tıkla. Sonra negatif testi yap:

bash
mv modules/analytics/analytics.js modules/analytics/analytics.js.bak
Sayfayı yenile. Analytics hata kartı göstermeli, diğer 10 modül çalışmaya devam etmeli. Eğer öyleyse mimari doğru.

Adım 7, git'e commit at ve push.

bash
git add .
git commit -m "Refactor monolith into modular ES modules"
# GitHub'da private repo aç, sonra:
git remote add origin git@github.com:burakkahraman/salescockpit.git
git push -u origin main
Adım 8, bana geri gel. Refactor temiz çalıştığında bana üç şey gönder, Hafta 1 backend kurulumuna geçeriz:

Yeni core/storage.js dosyası
Claude Code'un takılı kaldığı veya temiz halledemediği davranışların listesi
modules/leads/leads.js dosyası, ilk Supabase entegrasyonunu birlikte yapacağız
Ek tavsiyeler
Claude Code'u kullanırken bir oturumda her şeyi bitirmeye çalışma. Her ana adımdan sonra /clear komutu ile context'i temizle, böylece model dağılmaz. Önemli kararları (schema, modül sınırı, fiyat) CLAUDE.md'ye ekle ki sonraki oturumlarda hatırlasın.

İlk haftada Paddle doğrulamasını başlatmayı unutma, en uzun süren adım o. Banka hesabı bilgisi ve UG belgeleri istiyor. UG'yi şu anda kurmak zorunda değilsin ama ilk ödeyen müşteriden önce kurulmuş olması lazım, notere randevu için 2-3 hafta bekleme süresi olabiliyor.

Hangisinden başlamak istersin, refactor prompt'u Claude Code'da çalıştırmak mı, yoksa önce Hafta 0 hesap açma adımlarını mı yapalım?

You said: SÜRECI SÜRELERE BÖLMENIO ISTEMIYORUM BU PROJE ICIN GEREKIRSE UYKUSUZ KALACAK VE TÜM ISLEMLERI BITIRECEGIM.
SÜRECI SÜRELERE BÖLMENIO ISTEMIYORUM BU PROJE ICIN GEREKIRSE UYKUSUZ KALACAK VE TÜM ISLEMLERI BITIRECEGIM. ÖNCELIKLE RAPOR GELSIN VE SONRA BURADAKI TÜM ISLEYISI belirleyecegiz.

önce bana deep research promptunu anlattigim gibi ver eger daha önce verdigin ile birebir ise lütfen en son konusmaya göre süreci tekrar oku istenilen ana dosya html durumunu ana hat belirle ve üzerine cikacagimiz tüm tuglalari bir merkezin üzerine faz faz bir yol haritasi olustur.

rapordan sonrada olusacak yol haritasini implememntasyon adi altinda acilacak bir görev konumundan islemlere ara versek bile nerede kaldigimizi ve siradaki islemin ne oldugunu görebilecegi bir merkezi komuta dosyasi olusturmaliyiz. ve bu yapilan islerin sari olacagi ve yapilmamis islerin ayni renkte kaldigi ve sürekli güncellenecegi sekilde kurgula. bu güncelleme sistemin kendi ana damari olacak ve yapilan isleri o konumda izlememizi saglayacak kendisi de bu mantikta oradan direktif alacak

Show more
21:44
Claude responded: Anladım.

Tasarladı kapsamlı araştırma promptu ve merkezi komuta sistemi
Tasarladı kapsamlı araştırma promptu ve merkezi komuta sistemi
Anladım. Süre değil, faz. Önce derinlemesine rapor, sonra fazlar netleşince merkezi komuta dosyası. Sıralama doğru, böyle gidiyoruz.

İki şey aşağıda: önce deep research promptu (kopyala-yapıştır, İngilizce, çünkü kaynakların çoğu İngilizce ve araştırma araçları İngilizce'de çok daha kapsamlı çalışıyor), sonra rapordan sonra kuracağımız komuta dosyasının iskeleti.

Deep Research Prompt
Bunu Gemini 2.5 Pro Deep Research, ChatGPT Pro Deep Research veya Claude Research moduna ver. Tek seferde çalıştır, çıktıyı kaydet. Süre 30-60 dakika arası, kaynak sayısı 100+ olmalı.

ROLE
You are a senior B2B SaaS go-to-market analyst with deep specialization in
vertical SaaS for European SMB markets. You produce evidence-based research
reports that serve as the foundation for product, pricing, and launch
decisions. You cite every claim, you flag uncertainty, you do not pad.

CONTEXT
SalesCockpit is a vertical B2B SaaS in development for experience venue
operators (VR centers, escape rooms, axe-throwing, paintball, indoor karting,
climbing gyms, party venues, event spaces). The product is a sales operating
system covering: lead intake, AI-assisted offer building, availability and
calendar, call guidance, task and follow-up automation, workflow
configuration, analytics, multi-language (DE/EN), multi-tenant, role-based
permissions.

The product was built inside Varpoint Berlin (a VR venue operated by HOVR
Entertainment GmbH) over 2025-2026 and produced a documented €100K+ first-year
commercial impact for that single venue. The founder is Burak Kahraman, a
Turkish B2B sales professional based in Berlin with 10+ years EMEA enterprise
sales experience and military systems-engineering background.

CURRENT STATE
  - Working single-file HTML prototype (~6,500 lines, vanilla JS,
    localStorage), eleven functional modules
  - Live deployment as portfolio piece on GitHub Pages
  - One real user (Varpoint), real templates, real pricing structure
  - Planned migration to Supabase (EU Frankfurt) + Vercel + Paddle stack
  - Planned multi-tenancy via Postgres row-level security

CUSTOMER TRAJECTORY
  - Tenant 1: Varpoint Berlin (existing, internal)
  - Tenant 2: Borsigturm Berlin (planned next, second venue, same operator)
  - Tenants 3-N: other Berlin experience venues, then DACH expansion,
    eventually EMEA including Turkey

PRICING UNDER EVALUATION
  - Starter €199 / venue / month
  - Pro €399 / venue / month
  - Multi-Venue €699 (2 venues), +€249 per additional venue
  - Enterprise from €1,499/month
  - One-time onboarding fee €1,499 (Multi-Venue €2,499)
  - 14-day trial, 15% annual discount

OBJECTIVE
Produce a decision-grade market and operational research report that answers,
with evidence, whether SalesCockpit can become a profitable bootstrapped
vertical SaaS in the DACH experience-venue segment, and what the
highest-impact decisions are in the next six months. Identify risks, gaps,
and opportunities the founder may not have considered.

SCOPE, RESEARCH THESE TEN AREAS

1. MARKET SIZING AND SEGMENTATION
   - Estimated number of experience venues in Germany, broken down by
     subcategory (VR, escape room, axe-throwing, paintball, climbing,
     karting, kids party, mid-size event venue). Use industry associations
     (VDFU, IAAPA Europe), Statista, Eurostat, German trade press.
   - Same for Berlin specifically (the beachhead market).
   - Same for DACH and broader EU as the next ring.
   - Typical revenue range per venue per year, owner profile (independent
     vs. small chain vs. franchise), digital maturity indicators.
   - Realistic SAM and SOM at 2%, 5%, and 10% market penetration.

2. COMPETITOR ANALYSIS
   - Direct and adjacent competitors in venue management, booking, and sales
     workflow software, with focus on Europe. Include at minimum: Bookeo,
     FareHarbor, Peek Pro, Checkfront, Rezdy, TicketingHub, Zaui, Bookwhen,
     Regiondo, Eola, Smeetz, plus any DACH-specific players. Include generic
     CRMs that leak into this segment (Pipedrive, HubSpot, Zoho).
   - For each: positioning, target subcategories, list and effective
     pricing, core features, perceived strengths and weaknesses based on
     G2/Capterra reviews and user discussions.
   - Build a feature comparison matrix specifically for: lead intake, offer
     creation, call guidance, automation rules, multi-tenant, DE language
     quality, EU data residency, price.
   - Identify the gap that SalesCockpit fills. Defend or refute the
     positioning that existing tools are booking-first or generic-CRM-adapted,
     while SalesCockpit is sales-execution-first and venue-native.

3. REGULATORY AND COMPLIANCE
   - DSGVO/GDPR specific obligations for a SaaS storing operator and end-
     customer data: lawful basis, AVV (Auftragsverarbeitungsvertrag), data
     subject rights, breach notification, data residency expectations of
     German B2B buyers in 2026.
   - German Impressum, AGB, data protection notice requirements. Standard
     templates (eRecht24, iubenda, anwalt.de) and which clauses German
     venue operators typically push back on.
   - Tax: Kleinunternehmerregelung threshold and trade-offs, when VAT
     registration becomes required, B2B reverse charge for EU customers,
     treatment of merchant of record (Paddle) revenue under German tax law.
   - Entity choice: detailed comparison of Einzelunternehmen, UG
     (haftungsbeschränkt), GmbH for a solo SaaS founder in 2026. Costs,
     timeline, liability, investor signals, conversion paths.

4. TECH STACK VALIDATION
   - Supabase: confirm EU regions in 2026, specifically Frankfurt
     availability, Pro plan pricing, real-world cost at 50, 200, 1000
     paying tenants. Note recent platform incidents.
   - Postgres row-level security as multi-tenancy mechanism: known pitfalls,
     performance implications, how comparable vertical SaaS use it.
   - Vercel + Supabase architectures in production, latency between Vercel
     EU edges and Supabase EU instances.
   - Paddle vs Stripe Managed Payments for EU SaaS in mid-2026: what changed
     post-Lemon-Squeezy acquisition, current effective fees including FX,
     payout schedules, dispute coverage. Flag 2026 announcements affecting
     new signups.
   - Resend: EU data handling, deliverability, alternatives (Postmark,
     AWS SES via EU, Brevo) with pros and cons.
   - DSGVO-friendly analytics: Plausible vs Fathom vs PostHog EU.

5. CUSTOMER ACQUISITION CHANNELS
   - For Berlin and DACH experience venues, rank these by realistic CAC and
     conversion potential for a solo bootstrapped founder: outbound LinkedIn,
     outbound email, founder-led demos at industry events (IAAPA Europe,
     INTERGAME, FSB Köln, escape-room conventions), industry Facebook and
     WhatsApp groups, content marketing in DE, Google Ads on DE keywords,
     Meta Ads, partnerships with venue suppliers (VR hardware vendors,
     escape-room theme suppliers, POS vendors), directory sites (Capterra
     DE, OMR Reviews).
   - List the top 5 outreach scripts and frameworks proven for vertical
     SaaS founder-led sales, with sources.
   - Identify the 10 most relevant German-language industry publications
     and associations reaching venue operators.

6. PRICING BENCHMARKS
   - Real published pricing of all competitors from section 2, normalized
     per venue per month including setup fees.
   - Pricing patterns in vertical SaaS for SMB segments with €30K-€500K
     revenue per location: typical price-to-value ratios, common tier
     structures, multi-location pricing as practiced by Mews (hotels),
     Toast (restaurants), Skedda (venues), Mindbody (fitness studios).
   - Validate or challenge SalesCockpit's proposed pricing. If too low or
     too high, recommend specific changes with reasoning.
   - Onboarding fee norms in vertical SaaS targeting non-technical SMB
     buyers. When operators expect it, when they refuse it.
   - Annual vs. monthly discount norms in 2026.

7. GO-TO-MARKET PLAYBOOK FOR FIRST 10 CUSTOMERS
   - Founder-led sales motion specifics: target persona (operator-owner vs.
     sales manager vs. floor lead), buying triggers, typical sales cycle
     length, average touchpoints, common objections and responses that work.
   - Discovery call structure that converts for SMB venue buyers.
   - Demo flow that shows the €100K-impact narrative without overpromising.
   - Trial-to-paid conversion tactics for 14-day free trials in vertical
     SMB SaaS. Realistic conversion benchmarks.
   - Reference customer leverage: what to ask Varpoint to provide (logo,
     quote, video testimonial, case study with numbers, referral intros)
     and when to ask.

8. PRODUCT GAPS AND ROADMAP RISKS
   - Based on competitive analysis, identify the top 5 features SalesCockpit
     currently lacks that competing products consider table stakes for
     venue buyers. Rank by deal-breaker severity.
   - Integration expectations: which third-party tools (Google Calendar,
     Outlook, WhatsApp Business, Mailchimp, accounting tools like DATEV,
     sevDesk, lexoffice, payment terminals, POS systems) venue operators
     are most likely to ask for in the first sales conversation.
   - Mobile expectations: native iOS/Android, PWA, or desktop browser only.
     Cite competitor mobile presence and user reviews.
   - Localization: is German enough for DACH, or is Swiss German variation
     real, and what about Austrian-German tax/invoice differences.

9. RISK AND CONTINUITY
   - Solo founder bottleneck risks for vertical SaaS in this segment.
     Examples of vertical SaaS that succeeded and failed at solo-founder
     stage. Common failure points around month 6, 12, 24.
   - Customer concentration risk: if Varpoint and Borsigturm share an owner
     (Orhan), the real customer count is one. How does this affect investor
     or buyer perception later?
   - Bus-factor risk: if the founder becomes unavailable, what happens to
     customer data, billing, support. Standard solo-founder mitigations
     (escrow code, runbook, designated successor, customer data export
     rights in contract).
   - Technical debt risk: migrating single-file HTML prototype to multi-file
     modular ES architecture, then to backend-driven app. Realistic failure
     modes and leading indicators of trouble.
   - Lock-in concerns from buyer side: data export and migration guarantees
     German B2B buyers in 2026 expect in the contract.

10. FINANCING AND ECONOMICS
    - Bootstrap economics: realistic monthly burn (cloud, tools, accounting,
      legal) for solo founder running this stack, MRR needed to break even.
    - Founder-friendly programs and grants in Germany/Berlin/EU available
      to SaaS founders in 2026: EXIST, Berlin Startup Stipendium,
      Gründerstipendium NRW, Investitionsbank Berlin, EU Horizon. List
      eligibility, amount, timeline, dilution.
    - Revenue-based financing options for bootstrapped SaaS in EU 2026
      (Re:cap, Vitt, Capchase EU, Karmen). When they make sense, when not.
    - Realistic ARR trajectory milestones for a vertical SaaS in this niche
      based on comparable companies. When the founder hires #1, #3, #5.

OUTPUT FORMAT

  - Executive Summary (max 600 words): the three highest-stakes decisions
    in the next 90 days, the three highest risks, and the single biggest
    opportunity the founder may be underestimating.

  - One section per scope area (1-10), each containing:
       Headline finding (one paragraph)
       Evidence (cited)
       Implication for SalesCockpit (specific, actionable)
       Open questions (what could not be answered)

  - Comparison Matrix Appendix: full feature x competitor x price grid as
    a table.

  - Decision Recommendations: numbered list of 10-15 specific decisions the
    founder should make based on the report. Each includes: the decision,
    the rationale, the deadline, the cost of getting it wrong.

  - Source Bibliography: every citation, grouped by section.

CONSTRAINTS
  - Cite every numerical claim with a source link or named report.
  - Where data is missing or estimated, label it "ESTIMATED" with basis.
  - Do not pad with general SaaS advice. Stay venue-segment specific.
  - Flag any claim that contradicts the founder's existing assumptions.
    Do not soften.
  - Use English. Use Euro for all amounts. Use 2026 figures wherever
    possible; older figures only if no recent data exists, labeled.
  - Do not recommend specific named legal counsel, accountants, or tax
    advisors. Recommend selection criteria instead.
  - This report will drive commercial commitments. Treat uncertainty
    honestly.
Rapor sonrası: PROJECT_COMMAND.md
Rapor elimize geldiğinde inşa edeceğimiz merkezi komuta dosyasının iskeleti şöyle olacak. Dosyayı şimdi doldurmuyoruz çünkü içerik raporun bulgularına bağlı (özellikle fazların sırası, fiyat, ürün boşlukları, regülasyon). Ama yapısı şu olmalı:

PROJECT_COMMAND.md
├── 1. HOW TO USE THIS FILE
│     Claude Code ve her AI ajanı bu dosyayı önce okur, NEXT ACTION'ı
│     alır, yapar, durumunu günceller, sonraki ⚪ görevi seçer.
│     Burak'ın el ile güncellemesi de aynı protokole bağlı.
│
├── 2. CURRENT STATUS (en üstte, tek bakışta görünür)
│     Active phase: PHASE X
│     Current task: [task ID + başlık]
│     Last update: [tarih + kim]
│     Blockers: [varsa, yoksa "none"]
│
├── 3. NEXT ACTION (tek görev, çok net)
│     Görev ID, başlık, beklenen çıktı, başarı kriteri.
│
├── 4. PHASES (tüm fazlar, her fazın altında görevler)
│     Görev statü göstergeleri:
│         ⚪ TODO (yapılmamış, default renk)
│         🟡 DONE (yapıldı, sarı)
│         🔵 DOING (şu an çalışılıyor)
│         🔴 BLOCKED (engelli, sebep yazılı)
│
│     Örnek:
│     ## PHASE 1: Backend Foundation
│     - 🟡 1.1 Supabase project created in EU Frankfurt
│     - 🟡 1.2 Schema deployed (tenants, users, leads, tasks, ...)
│     - 🔵 1.3 RLS policies written and tested
│     - ⚪ 1.4 Magic link auth working end-to-end
│     - ⚪ 1.5 First curl test passes (cross-tenant isolation verified)
│
├── 5. DECISIONS LOG (verilen kararlar, neden, ne zaman)
│     Tarih sırasıyla. Geri dönülmez kararlar (region, name, schema)
│     burada kalıcı olarak yazılı.
│
├── 6. OPEN QUESTIONS (cevap bekleyen sorular)
│     Cevaplandığında DECISIONS LOG'a taşınır, listeden silinir.
│
├── 7. BLOCKERS (engeller, çözüm yolu, sorumlu)
│
└── 8. CHANGELOG (her güncelleme buraya satır eklenir)
        [tarih] [kim] [hangi görev] [yeni statü]
Bu dosya repo'nun kökünde duracak. Claude Code her oturuma bu dosyayı okuyarak başlayacak. Bir görevi tamamladığında dosyayı güncelleyecek (⚪ → 🟡 + CHANGELOG satırı + NEXT ACTION'ın bir sonrakine kayması). Burak ara verip geri döndüğünde tek bakışta nerede kaldığını görüyor. Sistemin "ana damarı" tam olarak bu: bütün proje bu dosyadan akıyor, ona dönüyor.

Renk olarak markdown native renk desteklemediği için emoji göstergeleri kullanıyoruz. GitHub'da, Cursor'da, Claude Code'da, VSCode'da hepsi düzgün render ediyor. Eğer ileride daha görsel bir tracker istersen aynı dosyayı bir Notion sayfasına veya Linear'a aynalarız ama tek kaynak repo'daki .md kalmalı. Tek kaynak prensibi.

Sıradaki adım
Yukarıdaki promptu Gemini Deep Research veya ChatGPT Pro Deep Research'e at. (Claude'un kendi research modu da çalışır ama Gemini şu anda daha geniş kaynak tarıyor.)
Rapor geldiğinde tamamını bana yapıştır.
Birlikte raporun bulgularını PROJECT_COMMAND.md'ye fazlar ve görevler olarak çevireceğiz. Pricing, ürün boşlukları, regülasyon adımları, müşteri kazanım sırası — hepsi rapora göre kalibre olacak.
Dosya hazırlandıktan sonra repo'ya koyup Claude Code'a "her oturum bu dosyayı oku, bir sonraki ⚪ görevi al, bittiğinde 🟡 yap, CHANGELOG güncelle" direktifini veriyoruz. Sistem kendi kendine yürümeye başlıyor.
Promptu çalıştırırken bir not: rapor ücretsiz toollarla gelebilir ama Gemini Pro veya ChatGPT Plus aboneliğin yoksa kalitesi düşer. Eğer tek seferlik bir abonelik düşünüyorsan, Gemini Pro'nun 1 aylık denemesi bu rapor için yeterli, sonra iptal edebilirsin. Hangi araçla çalıştıracağına karar verdiğinde söyle, gerekirse promptu o aracın quirk'lerine göre minik ayar yaparım.

You said: rapor ciktisi su sekilde:

# Executive Summary **Key Decisions (Next 90 Days):** 1) **Validate positioning and pricing.** Competitive research shows most tools are focused on bookings or generic CRM, not sales processes【45†L164-L172】【58†L346-L354】. SalesCockpit must clearly communicate its **unique sales-execution value** (

pasted

rapor ciktisi su sekilde:

bana da acikla kisaca özet gec türkce olarak.
tüm sobete sadik kaliyorum raporu ele aliyoruz gelistirme fazlari ve implementasyon dosyasini ve kurallarini es gecmiyoruz.

22:41
Claude responded: Rapor özeti, Türkçe

Synthesized market report findings and mapped implementation strategy
Synthesized market report findings and mapped implementation strategy
Burak shared the report results, so I need to summarize it concisely in Turkish while staying consistent with what we've already discussed—the pricing tiers, the 11-module SalesCockpit structure, and the modular refactoring approach.

I'm also keeping track of the technical foundation we outlined: Supabase in Frankfurt, Vercel, Paddle for payments, multi-tenant setup with RLS, the venue progression from Varpoint through Borsigturm, and the phase-based approach with PROJECT_COMMAND.md as the central command file.

Since Burak asked for a quick summary first, I'll start there and highlight the key findings from the report, then move into clarifying the implementation phases and building out the command file with the rules we need to establish.

Looking at the market data now: Berlin's actually quite small with only 10-20 venues per segment, typical venue revenue sits around €100K-200K annually, escape rooms number around 1000 with €76K per room on average, and climbing gyms are at roughly 550 locations. The competitive landscape is interesting because everyone's doing booking-first or generic CRM—there's no sales-execution focused venue tool, which validates our core thesis and represents a real gap in the market. Pricing-wise, Bookeo runs €35-110 monthly and Rezdy starts at a certain point, but we're seeing the opportunity to position differently around sales enablement rather than just booking management.

On the pricing strategy, our current €199-399 range seems conservative compared to what competitors charge—Checkfront goes up to €295 plus fees, Mindbody reaches €279 per site, and Regiondo wants €200+ for mid-size venues—so there's room to push toward €299-499, and an onboarding fee of €1499 feels reasonable. For regulatory requirements, GDPR compliance is non-negotiable along with the standard German legal documents, plus we need a data processing agreement in place. The small business threshold changes to €25K starting 2025, B2B transactions use reverse charge VAT, and we're still evaluating whether to structure as a UG or GmbH.

For the tech stack, a UG gets us to market faster and cheaper while GmbH carries more credibility, and Paddle handles VAT complexity for us. Supabase's Frankfurt server works fine on the Pro plan for up to 50 tenants, though row-level security has some indexing and backup gotchas. Paddle's 5% plus $0.50 is simpler than Stripe where we'd manage VAT ourselves. One critical issue: Resend stores data in the US, which conflicts with our GDPR requirements, so we should switch to Brevo or AWS SES for EU-based email. For analytics, Plausible and Fathom are both GDPR-compliant options. On customer acquisition, we're planning LinkedIn outreach combined with email campaigns.

For growth, inbound should pick up in 4-6 months, and we can target industry events like IAAPA Europe and FSB Köln, plus partner with VR hardware vendors. Capterra DE and OMR Reviews will help with visibility, though Google and Meta ads are expensive with poor ROI for our market. The product roadmap shows several must-haves: calendar syncing with Google and Outlook, payment processing through Stripe or PayPal, accounting integrations for DATEV and other German platforms, WhatsApp Business connectivity, POS and terminal support, mobile and PWA versions, and localization for Switzerland and Austria.

The main risks I'm seeing are the solo founder bottleneck, customer concentration since Varpoint and Borsigturm share the same owner, and the technical debt from the monolithic architecture that needs modularization and backend migration. Data portability is also a compliance requirement we can't skip. For funding, monthly burn is around €500-1000 with break-even achievable at €1K MRR, so I should apply for EXIST and Berlin Startup Stipendium grants immediately—those cover €2,500 monthly for 12 and 6 months respectively. Once we hit €5-10K MRR, revenue-based financing options like Re:cap, Vitt, or Capchase become viable. The immediate priorities are raising prices and completing GDPR documentation.

Now I'm working through the full action list: deciding between UG and GmbH structure, launching outreach, getting a Varpoint case study, prioritizing Stripe and Google Calendar integrations, setting up a trial onboarding sequence, implementing the data portability clause, allocating founder time to sales, submitting those grant applications, clarifying the multi-tenancy strategy, localizing for Swiss and Austrian markets, setting up CAC monitoring, establishing a customer support process, and keeping tabs on competitors. Let me write out a quick summary in Turkish and nail down the next immediate steps. Özetin ardından raporun planımızı değiştiren ana bulguları vurgulayacağım: Resend yerine Brevo'ya geçiş, fiyatlandırma artışı önerileri ve bazı entegrasyon öncelikleri. Sonra implementasyon fazlarına ve PROJECT_COMMAND.md dosyasına geçmek için onay isteyeceğim.

Burak'ın tercihine uygun olarak yapılandırılmış, sakin bir profesyonel ton kullanacağım—başlıklar ve kısa açıklamalarla, bullet pointleri abartmadan.

Show more
Done
Rapor özeti, Türkçe
Rapor güçlü ve karar-kalitesinde. Mevcut planımızı dört noktada değiştiriyor, geri kalanını doğruluyor.

Pazar boyutu doğrulandı, niş gerçek. Almanya'da 1.500-3.000 venue, Berlin'de her segmentte 10-20 mekan. Tipik venue €100-240K/yıl ciro yapıyor. %2-10 penetrasyon Almanya'dan 30-150 müşteri demek; 50 venue × €300/ay = €180K MRR. Beachhead olarak Berlin doğru seçim, DACH ikinci halka olarak tutarlı.

Rakip analizi tezimizi doğruluyor. Bookeo, FareHarbor, Checkfront, Rezdy, Regiondo, hepsi booking-first. Pipedrive/HubSpot generic CRM. Sales-execution odaklı, venue-native bir ürün boş alanda. Bu konumlandırma defansifi olmaktan çıktı, saldırı pozisyonuna döndü.

Fiyatı ARTIRMA önerisi var. Rakipler benzer veya daha pahalı (Mindbody $99-279/site, Regiondo €200+/orta venue). Varpoint'in €100K etkisi göz önüne alındığında bizim €199/€399 tier'ımız aşağıda. Rapor net olarak Starter €299, Pro €499 öneriyor. Multi-Venue ve Enterprise olduğu gibi kalabilir. Bu değişikliği implementasyon dosyasına geçmeden önce konuşmamız lazım.

Stack'te tek değişiklik: Resend yerine Brevo veya AWS SES EU. Resend verileri ABD'de tutuyor (Standard Contract Clause ile), bu DSGVO için hayatta kalır ama Alman B2B alıcıları AVV görüşmesinde takılır. Brevo (Fransa merkezli) veya AWS SES Frankfurt gerçek EU residency veriyor. Diğer her şey Supabase Frankfurt, Vercel, Paddle, Plausible aynı kalıyor.

Ürün boşlukları sıralı, deal-breaker önceliği. Sırasıyla: (1) Stripe/PayPal ödeme entegrasyonu, (2) Google + Outlook takvim sync, (3) DATEV/sevDesk/lexoffice export, (4) WhatsApp Business, (5) Mobile/PWA. İlk iki olmadan satışta kayıp veririz. Backend kurulumundan hemen sonra roadmap'e girmeliler.

Düzenleme çerçevesi netleşti. Kleinunternehmer eşiği €25K geçen yıl, €100K cari yıl. Üstüne çıkınca KDV kayıt zorunlu. AB B2B reverse charge mekanizması Paddle ile zaten halloluyor. Impressum, AGB, AVV, Datenschutzerklärung şablonları eRecht24'ten alınabilir, bunlar website-launch öncesi tamamlanmalı. UG (haftungsbeschränkt) önerisi sabit kalıyor, ilk ödeyen müşteriden önce kuruluyor.

Riskler defansif tutum gerektiriyor. Varpoint + Borsigturm aynı sahipte olduğu için "gerçek" müşteri sayımız 1. Bağımsız üçüncü müşteri Berlin'de bulunmadan investor/buyer perspektifi zayıf kalır. Solo-founder bus risk için code escrow ve sözleşmede data portability clause şart. Bu maddeler PROJECT_COMMAND.md'ye risk başlığı altına gidecek.

Para tarafında EXIST + Berlin Startup Stipendium fırsatı kaçırılmamalı. Aylık €2.500, dilution yok. EXIST 12 ay, Berlin 6 ay. Başvuru hazırlıkları PROJECT_COMMAND.md'de erken faza yerleşmeli; özellikle Berlin Startup Stipendium'un 26 Nisan 2026 deadline'ı geçmiş olabilir, yenisini kontrol etmemiz lazım. Bu test edilecek bir item.

Trial-to-paid conversion benchmark'ı %20. 14 günlük denemeden ücretliye dönüşüm orta segmentte median %20, üst çeyrek %30. Bizim onboarding sequence'imiz (eğitim emaili + check-in call) %25-30'a yöneltmeli. KPI olarak ekleyeceğiz.

Sıradaki adım
Üç şeyi sırayla yapacağız:

Kararları kilitle: Yeni fiyat (€299/€499 mi, eski mi?), email servisi (Brevo mu AWS SES mi?), entity sırası (UG ne zaman?), grant başvurusu (EXIST mi Berlin mi her ikisi mi?). Bunlar implementasyon fazlarının içerdiği görevlerin parametrelerini belirliyor; netleşmeden dosyayı yazarsam içi yanlış dolar.
PROJECT_COMMAND.md'yi tasarla: 9 fazlı yol haritası (Foundation, Backend, Refactor, Module Migration, Integrations, Compliance, Go-Live, GTM, Scale), her fazda görev listeleri, status göstergeleri (⚪ TODO, 🟡 DONE, 🔵 DOING, 🔴 BLOCKED), DECISIONS LOG, OPEN QUESTIONS, BLOCKERS, CHANGELOG.
Operating rules dosyası: Claude Code agent'ın bu dosyayı nasıl okuyup nasıl güncelleyeceği, hangi durumda durup soracağı, hangi kararların kalıcı (DECISIONS LOG'a giden) hangilerinin reversible olduğu.
Bana önce 1. adımdaki dört kararını söyle, hemen 2. ve 3. adımı tek seferde yazıyorum. Sorular:

Fiyat: Raporun önerdiği €299/€499 mu, mevcut €199/€399 mu, yoksa arası bir yer (€249/€449) mi tercih edersin?
Email servisi: Brevo (Fransa, ücretsiz tier 300 email/gün) mu, AWS SES Frankfurt (ucuz, biraz daha teknik kurulum) mu?
UG kuruluşu: İlk ödeyen müşteriden önce (büyük ihtimal Faz 6-7 arası) mı, hemen Faz 0'da mı?
Grant başvurusu: EXIST + Berlin ikisine de başvurma niyetin var mı, sadece birine mi, hiçbirine mi (zaman maliyetinden dolayı)?
Bu dört cevap geldikten sonra dosyayı oluşturuyorum.

---

### Güncelleme (9 Mayıs 2026)

Kullanıcı, yeni oluşturduğu hesapla (`burak.kahraman02@gmail.com`) başarılı bir şekilde Supabase girişini yaptı. Ancak `leads` tablosu boş olduğu ve Global Arama Çubuğunda (Search leads...) arama yapamadığını iletti. Bunun üzerine arayüzdeki Arama Çubuğu aktif edilerek globalSearchQuery ile senkronize edildi. `leads.js` içerisinde yazılan yeni filtreleme sistemi sayesinde girilen arama sorgusuna göre anlık olarak Leads tablosu güncelleniyor. Ayrıca dokümantasyonlar ve GitHub repoları güncellendi.
